Oh, how come this bad breath comes out?
as
Sell him to the brothel
Even if Yuan Qingling is lucky to escape
He is also dirty
Naturally, it became the laughing stock of the royal family
The Existence of Populations
That's Princess Chu
So what?
You and I are family
I was waiting for King Qi to become emperor
You become the queen
Then our Chu family will naturally take off
So if anyone dares to stand in your way and King Qi
Then Ben Hou should take action
Just a little princess of Chu
Ben Hou is like driving an ant to death
Success is not impossible.
If it fails
Don't worry.
Ben Hou must be foolproof
Then bother Hui Dinghao
Really nice drawing
Faye Wong, wait here
I'll go get the medicine
Yeah, OK.
It hurts.
It hurts. What's wrong?
Where does it hurt? It hurts
This or this?
Hurry up sir hurry up
jump
Princess
jump jump
Princess dance princess